# Start_Somewhere
First Resume Project, the objective isn't for it to be good, just finish something.
# Grocery shopping help application

#Why?: While working my shift as a grocery clerk at Publix, I saw a child running through the store as children often do. Inevitably, the little boy bumped into a table in the store and hurt himself. I watched as his mother walked to him, pulled him off the ground, and sternly said 5 words that have remained in my head ever since. "This isn't Wal-Mart, behave yourself." After hearing this, I could only laugh as it showed me that my three years of working at Publix had jaded me. I too once believed that Publix was an as some would call it, "boujie", store that only the rich could afford to shop casually in. As time has gone on though, I've learned a lot about the process of grocery shopping, and I genuinely believe that Publix is a wonderful place to shop for young people. Although generally speaking our prices are higher, if you take advantage of the weekly-ad sale that is available you can not only save up to half on your normal groceries, but also get a number of high quality products that you normally wouldn't have tried due to their price. With my current knowledge, I have been able to accumulate a vast variety of ingredients and sauces at half-price that I use weekly to practice cooking. I want to share my love for Publix with others while practicing using my newly aquired data tools by creating an application.

# Designed to help young people with grocery shopping once they move out independently. Features to gather information from a sales-ad on grocery websites and relay the price of the items. From there, the user can input a budget, and the application will compare prices and make a cart for the student. Include features for making a balanced-diet that will discourage students from leaving solely with a number of snacks and no real food.
